Open interview by describing the goal of my project.
### Interview approach reminders
- Ask for permission to record a) entire meeting or b) summary of what was said.
- Listen with focus.
- Avoid thinking about response until interviewee is finished.
- Mirror what is said "in your head" as well as to interviewee.
- Check that you understand everything correctly.

### Specific questions for Deniz

- Can you define the "value" this team is delivering? What would other teams need to do to replace what DevOps does for them?

Everything they don't know how to do it, they drop it to us. 

Branding issue.

- What are its main features?
Jenkins platform. 
 
- What is the scope of the team ?
- What is the team actually working on?
- Nature of tickets.  Especially "problem" tickets.
- How do they look like.
- Tickets that are causing grief ? 
- Take the current name aside, what would you name the team right now based on what they do?

### General discussion about DevOps

The goal of this project is to give the managers of the department a clear picture of the current state of DevOps practices, 
and concrete next steps towards better utilization of DevOps principles and practices.

- How do you view it?
- What is the status of your team?
- Where do you want to go?
- What would you propose?

### More specific questions.

- Have you heard of DORA metrics?
- What are you measuring?
- Culture in the team?
- Learning focus?
- Are you meeting customers?
- Are you monitoring/measuring production systems?
- Do you have any servers/network resources that are configured manually/clickops?
    - Something that would cause a significant headache if it went away.
    - If yes, what is approximately the ratio ?

### Context specific questions

- Describe services/capabilities you get from team DevOps
- What are you expecting to get - what would you like to get?

Gudjons
Daniel
Marek

Azure
Azure devops
Jenkins

Bitbucket
Azure kubernetes
Legacy 
SonarCube


UNDERSTAND!


Confluence

Jenkins Server. Question of control.

Atlassian and Microsoft.

Permission. Active Directory based. Ask Gudjon.

TopDesk. Official SAAS product. 

Still using Subversion.

Manage the jenkins platform(s). Single sign on.

Team boundaries defined by external tools, like 
    SonarQube.
    Kubernetes
    Jenkins
    IDR - Innova Database Repository - inhouse tool - KIRO team. Short lived 
    
    Bamboo on the horizon.
    Ansible
    Terraform 
    Linux
    Aks - Azure Kubernetes Service

1 dev kube cluster - 2 prod.

Context switching.


Within Innovation department.

How was the team started ? Ask Guðjón.

gudjon.jonsson@marel.com


Not on mondays.

Next Thursday standup.

